you do indeed because I'm at an
incredibly cool school or last cool
school of the season it's academy da
Vinci Charter School for the Arts Anna
Rose is the dance instructor here and
these little ones have been waiting to
dance for you on television and strut
their stuff you want to start the music
there in the rules absolute go for it
and tell me about one of the cool things
about this school not only you got
reading writing arithmetic but they get
to do things like dance and music and
instruments and an art absolutely it's
amazing I teach them dance two times a
week from most of the kids and then the
older students have an elective that
they get to choose so they take it once
a week plus their elective class in the
art music or dance now this is these are
first graders these are first graders
they've been preparing for their dance
for about a month now so they learned
all this in a month and it's it's KQ
fine the whole school is just came
through five so they're they're all
little ones yea though they all came
through five so yeah I'd like to me that
they're all little ones as my daughter's
13 how everybody's little tell me what
is it how special is it to be able to
have them in dance class and how does
that help them with the rest of their
education it's really important to have
them dance class we incorporate a lot of
the things like reading writing and math
included into their dancers a lot of you
know lines and dance and patterns that
they can learn that's really helpful and
it gets them moving and grooving and
ready to go what's just did I mean we
talk about obesity and childhood obesity
and being such a problem in this country
now you've got him in here moving
getting their blood pumping a little bit
get them sweating once in a while
absolutely it's a great thing and they
all love it as you can see they're all
excited I love it bigger hey Jason look
this one big row there you go I will
leave you with these smiling faces there
you go enjoy take a bow stick around
everybody it's Friday and it's gonna be
a good day Tampa Bay well done dancers